Fork Stuff (#79)
jrddunbr/ElectricalAge: README.md

# Minecraft Mod - Codename : ELN

Electrical Age (ELN) is a Minecraft Mod offering the ability to perform large-scale in-game electrical simulations.

Look at the official project website [electrical-age.net](https://electrical-age.net/) and [the Wiki](http://wiki.electrical-age.net/) to get general information.

> This is a fork of Electrical Age, maintaine by Jared Dunbar (jrddunbr) and Graham Nothup (Grissess), with the intent to add features and push for active development, which is funneled back into the main distribution.

Reviewer: "funneled" is awkward; maybe "incorporated"?
```suggestion
This is a fork of Electrical Age, maintaine by Jared Dunbar (jrddunbr) and Graham Nothup (Grissess), with the intent to add features and push for active development, which is incorporated back into the [main distribution](https://github.com/Electrical-Age/ElectricalAge).
```

Author: returned?
